DOC CMS JSON API's (#445)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/02_Developer_Guides/02_Controllers/07_CMS_JSON_APIs.md

---
title: CMS JSON APIs
summary: Creating standardised JSON APIs for authenticated users in the CMS.
---

# CMS JSON APIs

This document contains a standard set of conventions to be used when creating JSON APIs in the CMS that are used in conjunction with AJAX requests from authenticated CMS users.

> To view an example of a controller that follows these standards see [`LinkFieldController`](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-linkfield/blob/4/src/Controllers/LinkFieldController.php).

Reviewer: Is there any controller that follows these standards that's in the API docs? I'd much rather have an API doc link here if we can - no big deal if not.

Author: LinkFieldController is definitely the cleanest and most compliant right now

## Making the controller "REST-like" and its relation with `FormSchema`

> It's recommend you design your API with a "REST-like" approach for JSON requests in your application, acknowledging that certain aspects may not strictly adhere to pure REST principles. This means that you should use the HTTP methods GET, POST, and DELETE, though not others such as PUT or PATCH.

Reviewer: I don't think we should say developers shouldn't use `PUT` or `PATCH`. If they want to use those in their own modules or projects, there's nothing preventing that.

Reviewer: Just read the line below... maybe just use looser language around it like this
```suggestion
It's recommend you design your API with a "REST-like" approach for JSON requests in your application, acknowledging that certain aspects may not strictly adhere to pure REST principles. This means that you should use the HTTP methods GET, POST, and DELETE, though typically not others such as PUT or PATCH.
```

Author: Updated

The reason for not implementing PUT or PATCH is because `FormSchema` and react `FormBuilder` should be used whenever you have need to render a form that uses the standard set of react form fields. `FormSchema` and `FormBuilder` will handle data submission, data validation and showing validation errors on the frontend.

> FormSchema diverges from REST principles as it utilises a combination of JSON to retrieve the `FormSchema` and submitting data using `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` POST requests. This method has proven effective, and there are currently no plans to alter its functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`FormSchema` diverges from REST principles as it utilises a combination of JSON to retrieve the `FormSchema` and submitting data using `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` POST requests. This method has proven effective, and there are currently no plans to alter its functionality.
```

Author: Updated

> Because of this you should avoid updating large parts of a DataObject with either a POST, PUT or PATCH requests as you should be using `FormSchema` to update DataObjects. Only use POST requests to submit small amounts of data such as creating a new record without any data or updating sort order fields.

Reviewer: Again use looser language here
```suggestion
Because of this you should generally avoid updating large parts of a DataObject with either a POST, PUT or PATCH requests, since `FormSchema` can handle that for you. We recommend only use POST requests to submit small amounts of data such as creating a new record without any data or updating sort order fields.
```

Author: Updated

> Becaues of this you should avoid updating large parts of a DataObject with either a POST, PUT or PATCH requests as you should be using `FormSchema` to update DataObjects. Only use POST requests to submit small amounts of data such as creating a new record without any data and updating sort order fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of this you should avoid updating large parts of a DataObject with either a POST, PUT or PATCH requests as you should be using `FormSchema` to update DataObjects. Only use POST requests to submit small amounts of data such as creating a new record without any data or updating sort order fields.
```

Author: Updated

## Creating a controller

> Create a subclass of [`LeftAndMain`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain). This ensures that users must be logged into the admin interface to access the endpoint. Additionally, it provides access to the methods [`LeftAndMain::jsonSuccess()`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain::jsonSuccess()) and [`LeftAndMain::jsonError()`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain::jsonError()).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a subclass of [`LeftAndMain`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain). This ensures that users must be logged in to the admin interface to access the endpoint. Additionally, it provides access to the methods [`LeftAndMain::jsonSuccess()`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain::jsonSuccess()) and [`LeftAndMain::jsonError()`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain::jsonError()).
```

Author: Updated

[warning]

> To enhance security, do not create a subclass of [`Controller`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller) routed using YAML on the `/admin` route. This practice is strongly discouraged as it circumvents the requirement to log in to the CMS to access the endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enhance security, do not create a direct subclass of [`Controller`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller) routed using YAML on the `/admin` route. This practice is strongly discouraged as it circumvents the requirement to log in to the CMS to access the endpoints. At best you'd be re-implementing logic that already exists.
```
All `LeftAndMain` subclasses are `Controller` subclasses, so adding "direct" makes the intent here clearer.
Also noting that implementing your own auth check here is a waste of time (but with nicer language)

Author: Updated

[/warning]

> When naming this class add a "Controller" suffix to this class, for instance name it "MySomethingController".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When naming this class, it's best practice to add a "Controller" suffix to this class, for instance name it `MySomethingController`.
```
Noting that it's just best practice - there's no magic that requires this naming convention.

Author: Updated

> When naming this class add a "Controller" prefix to this class, for instance name it "MySomethingController".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When naming this class add a "Controller" suffix to this class, for instance name it "MySomethingController".
```

> Define the URL segment of your controller using `private static string $url_segment = 'my-segment';`. For small optional modules, this may typically be the composer name of the module, for instance "linkfield".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the URL segment of your controller using the [`url_segment`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain->url_segment) configuration property. For example `private static string $url_segment = 'my-segment';`. For small optional modules, this may typically be the composer name of the module, for instance "linkfield".
```

Author: Updated

> Include `private static string $required_permission_codes = 'CMS_ACCESS_CMSMain';`, possibly with a different permission, to allow non-admins to access the endpoints on the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`required_permission_codes`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain->required_permission_codes) configuration property to declare what permissions are required to access endpoints on the controller. For example `private static string $required_permission_codes = 'CMS_ACCESS_CMSMain';`.

See [user permissions](/developer_guides/security/permissions/) for more information about declaring permissions.
```

Author: Updated

> As this is a subclass of `LeftAndMain`, it automatically gets added to the CMS menu. To remove it from the CMS menu, create a `_config.php` in the module (if it doesn't already exist) and add `CMSMenu::remove_menu_class(MySomethingController::class);`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
As this is a subclass of `LeftAndMain`, it automatically gets added to the CMS menu. To remove it from the CMS menu, create a `_config.php` in the module (if it doesn't already exist) and remove the controller from the menu like so:

```php
use App\Controllers\MySomethingController;
use SilverStripe\Admin\CMSMenu;

CMSMenu::remove_menu_class(MySomethingController::class);
```
````
Easier to copy paste, and includes the FQCN of `CMSMenu` which hadn't been mentioned until now.

Author: Updated

## Handling requests with $url_handlers

> Utilise `private static array $url_handlers` to get the following benefits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Utilise the [`url_handlers`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller->url_handlers) configuration property to get the following benefits:
```

Author: Updated

- Ensure the HTTP request method aligns with the intended use for each method, for instance, restricting it to GET or POST.
- Prevent potential conflicts with existing methods, such as [`LeftAndMain::sort()`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain::sort()), by structuring the endpoint URL segment as `sort` and associating it with a method like `MySomethingController::apiSort()`.

Use the request param `$ItemID` if you need a record ID into a URL so that you have an endpoint for a specific record. Use `$ItemID` because it's consistent with the request param used in Form Schema requests. For example, to use `$ItemID` in a GET request to view a single record:

```php

> // MySomethingController.php

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// app/src/Controllers/MySomethingController.php
```
Respects PSR-4

Author: Updated

> namespace App\Controllers\MySomethingController;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
namespace App\Controllers;
```

Author: Updated

use SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain;
use SilverStripe\Control\HTTPResponse;

class MySomethingController extends LeftAndMain
{

>     // ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // ...
    
    private static array $allowed_actions = [
        'apiView',
    ];
```
You mention below to remember it - probably makes sense to just outright include it in the example.

Author: Updated

    private static array $url_handlers = [
        'GET view/$ItemID' => 'apiView',
    ];

    public function apiView(): HTTPResponse
    {

>         $itemID = (string) $request->param('ItemID');

Reviewer 2: Why cast to string and not int?

Author: Have removed cast, it was from some other code where I then run `ctype_digit()` check on it which requires a string

        // Note: would normally validate that $itemID is a valid integer and that $obj exists
        $obj = MyDataObject::get()->byID($itemID);
        $data = ['ID' => $obj->ID, 'Title' => $obj->Title];
        return $this->jsonSuccess(200, $data);
    }
}
```

> Remember to add all public methods that are used as endpoints to `private static array $allowed_actions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to add all public methods that are used as endpoints to [`allowed_actions`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller->allowed_actions).

See [URL handlers](/developer_guides/controllers/routing/#url-handlers) for more details about how `url_handlers` and `allowed_actions` work.
```

Author: Updated

> Remember to add any public methods that are used as endpoints to `private static array $allowed_actions`;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remember to add all public methods that are used as endpoints to `private static array $allowed_actions`;
```

Author: Updated

## Permission checks

Incorporate essential permission checks, such as `canEdit()`, into all relevant endpoints to ensure secure access control.

> When returning DataObjects as JSON, remember to invoke `canView()` on each DataObject. In a CMS context where the number of DataObjects is typically limited, the performance impact of these checks should not be a significant concern. If the permission check fails then call `$this->jsonError(403);` to return a 403 status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When returning `DataObject` records as JSON, remember to invoke `canView()` on each record. In a CMS context where the number of records is typically limited (e.g. by pagination), the performance impact of these checks should not be a significant concern. If the permission check fails then call `$this->jsonError(403);` to return a 403 status code.
```

Author: Updated

## Return values and error handling

> All public endpoint methods must declare a return type of [`HTTPResponse`](api:SilverStripe\Control\HTTPResponse).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All public endpoint methods (aka "actions") must declare a return type of [`HTTPResponse`](api:SilverStripe\Control\HTTPResponse).
```
They're referred to as actions in a lot of places so this just helps anyone who has been calling them "actions" in their head understand that's what we're referring to here

Author: Updated

> All public endpoint methods must be declare a return type of [`HTTPResponse`](api:SilverStripe\Control\HTTPResponse).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All public endpoint methods must declare a return type of [`HTTPResponse`](api:SilverStripe\Control\HTTPResponse).
```

Author: Updated

> All return values must utilise `jsonSuccess()` to create the `HTTPResponse` as this method is used to standardise JSON responses in the CMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All return values should be returned via the `jsonSuccess()` method to create the `HTTPResponse` as this method is used to standardise JSON responses in the CMS.
```
There's no magic that requires this, it's just best practice. So "must" was a tad strong.

Author: Updated

> Do not throw exceptions in the controller, as this leads to a poor content-editor experience. Instead all non-success conditions must call `jsonError()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not throw exceptions in the controller, as this leads to a poor content-editor experience. Instead all non-success conditions should call `jsonError()`.
```

Author: Updated

### Using `jsonSuccess()`

When using the optional `$data` parameter in `jsonSuccess()` to return JSON in the response body, do not add any "success metadata" around it, for example `['success' => true, 'data' => $data]`. Instead, solely rely on standard HTTP status codes to clearly indicate the success of the operation.

> For scenarios where no JSON data is returned in the response body upon success, use the status code 201 withou the `$data` parameter i.e. `return $this->jsonSuccess(201);`. Alternatively, when the response includes JSON data, usually return a 200 status code i.e. `return $this->jsonSuccess(200, $data);`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For scenarios where no JSON data is returned in the response body upon success, use the status code 201 without the `$data` parameter i.e. `return $this->jsonSuccess(201);`. Alternatively, when the response includes JSON data, usually return a 200 status code i.e. `return $this->jsonSuccess(200, $data);`.
```

Author: Updated

### Using `jsonError()`

> The `return` keyword is omitted for `jsonError()` because internally it triggers an exception, subsequently caught and converted into an `HTTPResponse` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When calling `jsonError()`, you don't need to use the `return` keyword because that method throws an exception. The exception gets caught in [`handleRequest()`](api:SilverStripe\Control\RequestHandler::handleRequest()) and converted into an `HTTPResponse` object.
```

Author: Updated

> Generally you should not include a message outlining the nature of the error when calling `jsonError()`, instead just include the appropriate HTTP status code for the error type, for example call `$this->jsonError(403)` if a permission check fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally you should not include a message outlining the nature of the error when calling `jsonError()`. Instead just include the appropriate HTTP status code for the error type, for example call `$this->jsonError(403)` if a permission check fails.
```

Author: Updated

> If you do include a message, remember that error messages are only intented for developers so do not use the `_t()` function to make them translatable. Do not use any returned messages on the frontend for things like toast notifications, instead thoses messages should be added directly in JavaScript.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you do include a message, remember that error messages are only intented for developers so do not use the `_t()` function to make them translatable. Do not use any returned messages on the frontend for things like toast notifications, instead those messages should be added directly in JavaScript.
```

Author: Updated

[info]
Despite the slightly convoluted JSON format returned by `jsonError()` with multiple nodes, its usage remains consistent with `FormSchema`. It's better to use this method for uniformity rather than introducing separate methods for `FormSchema` and non-FormSchema failures.

> [/info.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[/info]
```

Author: Updated

> Despite the slightly convuluted JSON format returned of `jsonError()` with multiple nodes, its usage remains consistent with `FormSchema`. It's better to use this method for uniformity rather than introducing separate methods for `FormSchema` and non-FormSchema failures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Despite the slightly convoluted JSON format returned of `jsonError()` with multiple nodes, its usage remains consistent with `FormSchema`. It's better to use this method for uniformity rather than introducing separate methods for `FormSchema` and non-FormSchema failures.
```

Author: Updated

## CSRF token

> When performing non-view operations, include an `'X-SecurityID'` header in your JavaScript request, with its value set to `SecurityToken::getSecurityID()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing non-view operations, include an `X-SecurityID` header in your JavaScript request, with its value set to the security token.
```
`SecurityToken::getSecurityID()` is PHP code so saying to set a JavaScript value to it doesn't really make sense.

Author: Updated

> Access the token value in JavaScript by logging in by using `import Config from 'lib/Config';` followed by `Config.get('SecurityID');`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Access the token value in JavaScript like so:

```js
import Config from 'lib/Config';

const securityID = Config.get('SecurityID');
```

[warning]
The `lib/Config` import is provided by the `silverstripe/admin` module via [`@silverstripe/webpack-config`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@silverstripe/webpack-config).
[/warning]
````
Easier to see what's happening with a syntax highlighted code snippet.

Also adding a note about the webpack-config because most developers won't be familiar with it, so there's more they'll need to do than just add the `import` statement.

Author: Updated

> Ensure the security of your endpoints by validating the token header using `SecurityToken::inst()->checkRequest($this->getRequest())` on relevant endpoints. If this check fails then call `$this->jsonError(400);` which is consistent with the 400 status code used in [`FormRequestHandler::httpSubmission()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormRequestHandler::httpSubmission()) when the CSRF check fails when submitting data using `FormSchema`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Ensure the security of your endpoints by validating the security token on relevant endpoints.

```php
use SilverStripe\Security\SecurityToken;
// ...
if (!SecurityToken::inst()->checkRequest($this->getRequest())) {
    $this->jsonError(400);
}
```

[info]
The `400` HTTP status code used here is consistent with the code used when the CSRF check fails when submitting data using `FormSchema`.
[/info]
````

Again using a syntax-highlighted code snippet including use statements makes it clearer.

Author: Updated

## Passing values from PHP to JavaScript

To transmit values from PHP to JavaScript, override `LeftAndMain::getClientConfig()` within your controller. Begin your method with `$clientConfig = parent::getClientConfig();` to ensure proper inheritance.

Include any relevant links to endpoints in the client configuration. For example, add `'myEndpointUrl' => $this->Link('my-endpoint')`, where `my-endpoint` is specified in `private static array $url_handlers`.

> In JavaScript, access these values using `import Config from 'lib/Config';` and retrieve the endpoint URL using `Config.getSection('Full\ClassName\Of\MyController').anArrayKey.myEndpointUrl;`.

Reviewer: I'm confused about the context for this... to transmit values from PHP to JavaScript you'd need an XHR request, right? It seems like this is for a specific use case that hasn't been specified here.

Author: Oh right yeah it's basically for passing them to entwine, will update

Author: Updated

> In JavaScript, access these values using `import Config from 'lib/Config';` and retrieve the endpoint URL using `Config.getSection('Full\ClassName\Of\MyController').anArrayKey.myEndpointUrl;`.

Reviewer: Please include a syntax-highlighted code snippet example showing these lines of code in context, instead of having lots of inline code that isn't shown in context.

Author: Updated

## JavaScript AJAX requests

> Use the `backend` helper which is a wrapper around `fetch()` when making JavaScript requests. Importing it using `import backend from 'lib/Backend';`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `backend` helper which is a wrapper around `fetch()` when making JavaScript requests. Import it using `import backend from 'lib/Backend';`.
```

Author: Updated

> The `backend` helper provides is able to use a `catch()` block to handle 400-500 response codes, offering a more streamlined approach compared to using vanilla `fetch()`. It also provides handy shorthand methods such as `.get()` and `.post()`, for writing concise code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `backend` helper is able to use a `catch()` block to handle 400-500 response codes, offering a more streamlined approach compared to using vanilla `fetch()`. It also provides handy shorthand methods such as `.get()` and `.post()`, for writing concise code.
```

Author: Updated

The following code will make a POST request to an endpoint passing JSON data in the request body.

```js

> // MyComponent.js
> 

Reviewer: No blank line afterward, and include the whole relative path to the file.
```suggestion
// client/src/js/MyComponent.js
```
Or just omit it - it's not actually needed here.

Author: Removed

> const endpoint = `${Config.getSection(section).someKey.someUrl}`;

Reviewer: Need import statement for `Config`, and a note that it's only available if using the webpack-config package

Author: Have added import statements

> const endpoint = `${Config.getSection(section).someKey.someUrl}`;

Reviewer: We probably need an example showing how `someKey.someUrl` gets set as well.

Author: Changed to `myForm.myEndpointUrl` to match example above

const data = { somekey: 123 };
const headers = { 'X-SecurityID': Config.get('SecurityID') };

> backend.post(endpoint, data, headers)

Reviewer: Need import statement for `backend`, and a note that it's only available if using the webpack-config package

Author: Updated

  .then(() => {
    // handle 200-299 status code response here
  })
  .catch(() => {
    // handle 400-500 status code response here
  });
```

> On the controllers endpoint method, retrieve the POST data using `$json = json_decode($this->getRequest()->getBody());`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the controller's endpoint method, retrieve the POST data using `$json = json_decode($this->getRequest()->getBody());`.
```

Author: Updated

## Unit testing

Write unit tests with a subclass of [`FunctionalTest`](api:SilverStripe\Dev\FunctionalTest) instead of the regular [`SapphireTest`](api:SilverStripe\Dev\SapphireTest). This allows you to make HTTP requests to your endpoints and ensures comprehensive functional testing.

> Use `$this->get()` for endpoints designed to handle GET requests and `$this->post()` for those intended for POST requests. For non-GET/POST requests, such as DELETE, use `$this->mainSession->sendRequest('DELETE', $url, [], $headers);`.
> 
> Make heavy use of dataProviders and pass in parameters such as `$expectedBody` and `$expectedStatusCode`. Ensure that every call to `jsonSuccess()` and `jsonError()` has at least one corresponding case in your dataProvider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [functional testing](/developer_guides/testing/functional_testing/) for more information about setting up and running functional tests.
```

If that page doesn't already include this information, that's where it should be added.

Author: Updated. Functional testing docs already mention get() and post().

Create a subclass of [`LeftAndMain`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain). This ensures that users must be logged in to the admin interface to access the endpoint. Additionally, it provides access to the methods [`LeftAndMain::jsonSuccess()`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain::jsonSuccess()) and [`LeftAndMain::jsonError()`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain::jsonError()).

[warning]
To enhance security, do not create a direct subclass of [`Controller`](api:SilverStripe\Control\Controller) routed using YAML on the `/admin` route. This practice is strongly discouraged as it circumvents the requirement to log in to the CMS to access the endpoints. At best you'd be re-implementing logic that already exists.
[/warning]

When naming this class, it's best practice to add a "Controller" suffix to this class, for instance name it `MySomethingController`.

Define the URL segment of your controller using the [`url_segment`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain->url_segment) configuration property. For example `private static string $url_segment = 'my-segment';`. For small optional modules, this may typically be the composer name of the module, for instance "linkfield".

> se the [`required_permission_codes`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain->required_permission_codes) configuration property to declare what permissions are required to access endpoints on the controller. For example `private static string $required_permission_codes = 'CMS_ACCESS_CMSMain';`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`required_permission_codes`](api:SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMain->required_permission_codes) configuration property to declare what permissions are required to access endpoints on the controller. For example `private static string $required_permission_codes = 'CMS_ACCESS_CMSMain';`.
```

Author: Updated

See [user permissions](/developer_guides/security/permissions/) for more information about declaring permissions.

As this is a subclass of `LeftAndMain`, it automatically gets added to the CMS menu. To remove it from the CMS menu, create a `_config.php` in the module (if it doesn't already exist) and remove the controller from the menu like so:

```php
use App\Controllers\MySomethingController;
use SilverStripe\Admin\CMSMenu;

CMSMenu::remove_menu_class(MySomethingController::class);
```

> ## Handling requests with $url_handlers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Handling requests with `$url_handlers`
```
Sorry, should have caught this one first time around.

Author: Updated

```js
import Config from 'lib/Config';

const endpointUrl = Config.getSection('App\\Controller\\MySomethingController').myForm.myEndpointUrl;
```

## JavaScript AJAX requests

Use the `backend` helper which is a wrapper around `fetch()` when making JavaScript requests. Import it using `import backend from 'lib/Backend';`.

The `backend` helper is able to use a `catch()` block to handle 400-500 response codes, offering a more streamlined approach compared to using vanilla `fetch()`. It also provides handy shorthand methods such as `.get()` and `.post()`, for writing concise code.

The following code will make a POST request to an endpoint passing JSON data in the request body.

```js
import backend from 'lib/Backend';
import Config from 'lib/Config';

const section = 'App\\Controller\\MySomethingController';
const endpoint = `${Config.getSection(section).myForm.myEndpointUrl}`;
const data = { somekey: 123 };
const headers = { 'X-SecurityID': Config.get('SecurityID') };
backend.post(endpoint, data, headers)
  .then(() => {
    // handle 200-299 status code response here
  })
  .catch(() => {
    // handle 400-500 status code response here
  });
```

[warning]

> The `lib/Config` import is provided by the `silverstripe/admin` module via [`@silverstripe/webpack-config`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@silverstripe/webpack-config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lib/Config` and `lib/Backend` imports are provided by the `silverstripe/admin` module via [`@silverstripe/webpack-config`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@silverstripe/webpack-config).
```

Author: Updated
